# FEM Learning Roadmap 
https://frontendmasters.com/guides/learning-roadmap/


-------------
## Rust
https://rtfeldman-rust-workshop.netlify.app/
https://github.com/rtfeldman/rust-1.51-workshop

## Enterprise Pattern
https://github.com/onehungrymind/fem-enterprise-patterns


## Production-Grade TypeScript
https://github.com/mike-north/professional-ts/
https://static.frontendmasters.com/resources/2020-10-13-production-typescript/production-typescript.pdf

## State Machines in JavaScript with XState
https://github.com/davidkpiano/frontend-masters-xstate-workshop
https://static.frontendmasters.com/resources/2020-05-14-state-machines-xstate/state-machine-xstate.pdf
https://frontendmasters.com/courses/xstate/


## Design system with React and Storybook
https://fem-design-systems.netlify.app/
https://github.com/emmabostian/fem-design-systems

https://static.frontendmasters.com/resources/2020-03-12-design-systems-storybook/design-systems-formatted.pdf


## VIM Fundamentals
https://theprimeagen.github.io/vim-fundamentals/

## Intro to Gatsby
https://github.com/frontendmasters/gatsby-intro
https://jlengstorf.github.io/presentations/workshop-gatsby-mdx-blog/#/
https://www.gatsbyjs.com/plugins/gatsby-transformer-sqip/
https://using-gatsby-image.gatsbyjs.org/

## JS Accessibility
https://marcysutton.github.io/js-a11y-workshop/slides/
https://github.com/marcysutton/js-a11y-workshop

## Gatsby Intermediate
https://github.com/jlengstorf/gatsby-intermediate

## VSCode Can Do That? 
https://burkeholland.gitbook.io/vs-code-can-do-that/exercise-1-1/switch-fonts
https://github.com/burkeholland/workshop-vs-code-can-do-that


## Modern SEO
https://github.com/mike-works/modern-seo
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B7LIdu29tPZRU3h2YVJNajlWNGc/view

## server side GraphQL with node.js
https://github.com/FrontendMasters/fullstack-graphql

https://static.frontendmasters.com/resources/2019-10-14-full-stack-graphql/server-graphql-nodejs.pdf


## intermediate React V3
https://btholt.github.io/complete-intro-to-react-v6/
https://github.com/btholt/complete-intro-to-react-v6
https://github.com/btholt/citr-v6-project/


## functional light JS V3
http://static.frontendmasters.com/resources/2019-05-06-functional-light-v3/functional-light-v3.pdf

https://github.com/getify/Functional-Light-JS


## Advanced CSS Layout
https://github.com/jen4web/fem-adv-css-layout

warm up flexbox and grid practices
https://codepen.io/jen4web/pen/dxqjKG

flex solution: https://codepen.io/jen4web/pen/ZgMRJy


cheatsheet:
https://static.frontendmasters.com/resources/2017-10-03-responsive-web-design-flexbox-css-grid/Flexbox-and-CSS-Grid-Properties-Cheat-Sheet.pdf



## Web Accessibility

https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1_CRR-bJFX5Xt-2Tx_lPMDSMUtoxe8s8kAF7DDDXVvc8/edit

https://github.com/jkup/learn-a11y

## Hard Parts Servers Node 
https://static.frontendmasters.com/resources/2019-04-24-servers-node-js/Hard-Parts-Servers-Node.pdf




## Intro to Container
https://github.com/btholt/projects-for-complete-intro-to-containers
https://github.com/btholt/complete-intro-to-containers

https://btholt.github.io/complete-intro-to-containers/



## intro to client GraphQL
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/130oGwwa5ZHCxEcKsraJzhuQQfPq_XeTwJn7yWhhxLmw/edit#slide=id.p

https://github.com/FrontendMasters/fullstack-graphql


## intro to Devtools
https://github.com/jkup/mastering-chrome-devtools



## intro to web dev 1 
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1KeWOWSM28qYI1mtkuHkY2vB2UUhwNkg7sq_LPqfYXKs/edit#slide=id.g38d8c5fa8_040

## intro to web dev 2 
https://btholt.github.io/intro-to-web-dev-v2/

## Interview for Front end engineer 
slide: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1-04cvp4xDLNb8YRWpkmPTEY_4r-56sM5J178lxjU4vA/edit#slide=id.p

## Web Assembly

https://young.github.io/intro-to-web-assembly/

## Async Programming in JS 
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lsLD_d2m6_FpKkWSRoWPeWELWupxbfsvLQBDLezf4eU/edit#heading=h.ssqyafb5f14n
http://reactivex.io/learnrx/




## State management with Redux and Mobx
slide: https://static.frontendmasters.com/resources/2019-05-28-react-state/redux-mobx.pdf


redux fun practice: https://jsbin.com/kiteboy/1/edit?js,console


REPO: https://github.com/stevekinney/kanbananza

Reselect: https://github.com/reduxjs/reselect


apis:
http://star-wars-characters.glitch.me/
http://tweet-stream.glitch.me/


redux observerable:
https://redux-observable.js.org/docs/basics/Epics.html
https://github.com/stevekinney/star-wars-autocomplete
https://rxjs-dev.firebaseapp.com/api/operators/tap

MobX:
https://codesandbox.io/s/mobx-boilerplate-us7wo
https://codesandbox.io/s/olpnq8ykz9


https://github.com/mobxjs/mobx-state-tree

## Intro to GraphQL
https://slides.com/scotups/intro-to-graphql

https://github.com/frontendMasters/intro-to-graphql



## SASS fundamentals
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B7LIdu29tPZRVmJVeXpvOHhaUW8/view



## Complete Intro to React & Intermediate React V2

https://github.com/btholt/complete-intro-to-react-v5

https://btholt.github.io/complete-intro-to-react-v5/




## State Management in Pure React V2 
slide: https://speakerdeck.com/stevekinney/react-state?slide=3


https://github.com/stevekinney/grudges-react-state/blob/example-use-undo-reducer/src/GrudgeContext.js


https://github.com/frontendMasters/react-state-management

https://github.com/stevekinney/user-signup-react-state


https://codesandbox.io/s/simple-counter-useeffect-local-storage-solution-m854x?module=%2Fsrc%2FCounter.js

## Intro do DS for interview
slide: http://slides.com/bgando/intro-to-ds-1
repo prompt: https://replit.com/@bgando/linked-list-prompt

linked list solution: https://replit.com/@bgando/linked-list-solution

## Practical Guide to Algo in JS 
https://slides.com/bgando/intro-to-algorithms/

## Trees and Graphs
http://slides.com/bgando/intro-graph-trees

## 4 Semester of CS PART TWO
https://btholt.github.io/four-semesters-of-cs-part-two/


## Enterprise Architecture Pattern
https://stackblitz.com/
https://stackblitz.com/edit/micro-refactor-example
https://github.com/onehungrymind/fem-enterprise-patterns


## HTML Email V2
https://codepen.io/collection/21b7ddd5c58aafc450c35c46e7cba9b5?grid_type=list

https://github.com/rodriguezcommaj/frontendmasters

https://rodriguezcommaj.com/

https://static.frontendmasters.com/resources/2019-09-26-html-email-v2/html-email-v2.pdf

## Web Performance Fundamentals

slides: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1NO5hLrsS61SMbWdKI_dq-c9QNHzpS-Ha0zzcbAoJnPw/edit?copiedFromTrash#slide=id.gb7915dc0b8_0_1360

https://requestmetrics.com/
https://trackjs.com/
https://www.performancebudget.io/


## 3D Web
https://slides.com/aysegulyonet/webxr/

https://yonet.gitbook.io/mixed-reality-docs/-MHmDWJS71Z0_jhk69k4/webxr-lessons/3d-on-the-web/project/how-to-create-a-basic-3d-scene

https://yonet.gitbook.io/mixed-reality-docs/-MHmDWJS71Z0_jhk69k4/webxr-lessons/3d-on-the-web/resources

https://playground.babylonjs.com/#KBS9I5#158

https://nme.babylonjs.com/

## 4 Semesters of CS
http://btholt.github.io/four-semesters-of-cs/
https://2ality.com/index.html

## AWS for Frontend Engineers
https://speakerdeck.com/stevekinney/aws-for-frontend-engineers?slide=15


## Responsive Typography
https://slides.com/frontendmasters/responsivetypography
https://github.com/jpamental/rwt-vf-workshop-full

## Production Grade Next.js
https://production-grade-nextjs.vercel.app/

## Intro To Node
https://github.com/frontendmasters/intro-node-js
https://github.com/ry --> creator of Node

https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2017/06/headless-karma-mocha-chai

https://github.com/ariya/phantomjs

https://karma-runner.github.io/latest/index.html




## Node API design git repo
https://github.com/FrontendMasters/api-design-node-v3

## Kyle - Deep JS PDF
https://static.frontendmasters.com/resources/2019-03-07-deep-javascript-v2/deep-js-foundations-v2.pdf


## Will - JavaScript New hard parts slides
https://static.frontendmasters.com/resources/2018-05-23-javascript-new-hard-parts/new-hard-parts-slides.pdf


## CSS Learning Estelle
https://estelle.github.io/cssmastery/#slide1
https://estelle.github.io/cssmastery/borders/#slide1

https://estelle.github.io/cssmastery/gradients/#slide1


## Intro to Linux and the Command Line
https://btholt.github.io/complete-intro-to-linux-and-the-cli/

https://multipass.run/

https://github.com/awesome-lists/awesome-bash

## learn Next.js 
https://hendrixer.github.io/nextjs-course/api-handlers


## FEM git in depth slides
https://github.com/nnja/advanced-git/blob/master/presentation/slides.pdf

## Flexbox and Grid
https://github.com/jen4web/fem-layout/blob/master/day1.pdf
https://static.frontendmasters.com/resources/2017-10-03-responsive-web-design-flexbox-css-grid/Flexbox-and-CSS-Grid-Properties-Cheat-Sheet.pdf

## Design For Developers
github: https://github.com/sdras/design-for-developers
slides: https://github.com/sdras/design-for-developers/blob/master/slides-pdf/Des4Dev2.pdf
https://give-n-go.co/

## SVG Essentials
https://github.com/sdras/svg-workshop

https://github.com/sdras/vue-sample-svg-icons

http://slides.com/sdrasner/adv-svg-2?token=FxyYIMcu#/40

https://www.svgator.com/

**GSAP cheatsheet**
https://github.com/sdras/svg-workshop/blob/master/gsap-basic-timeline.js


## Hardcore functional programming
https://github.com/FrontendMasters/hardcore-functional-js-v2
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1nj5xmsHeJh-6RdjLs1190Hwl8smclvFLePqPCTVsrYw/edit#slide=id.g338d117be_040




## Build JS Robotics

https://tessel.github.io/t2-start/
https://github.com/stevekinney/nodebots-workshop
https://speakerdeck.com/stevekinney/nodebots-frontend-masters

